convert documentation (#1576)
observablehq/framework: docs/convert.md

</div>

<div class="tip">

You can pass multiple URLs to convert many notebooks simultaneously.

</div>

For example, to convert D3’s [_Zoomable sunburst_](https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-sunburst) example:

```sh echo
npm run observable convert https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-sunburst
```

This will output something like:

<style type="text/css">

.focus {
  color: var(--theme-foreground-focus);
}

.invert {
  background-color: var(--theme-foreground-alt);
  color: var(--theme-background);
}

</style>

<pre><code><span class="muted">┌</span>  <span class="invert"> observable convert </span>
<span class="muted">│</span>
<span class="green">◇</span>  Downloaded <b>zoomable-sunburst.md</b> <span class="muted">in 443ms</span>
<span class="muted">│</span>
<span class="green">◇</span>  Downloaded <b>flare-2.json</b> <span class="muted">in 288ms</span>
<span class="muted">│</span>
<span class="muted">└</span>  1 notebook converted; 2 files written</code></pre>

> The `convert` command generates files in the current working directory. The command above generates two files: <code>zoomable-sunburst.md</code>, a Markdown file representing the converted notebook; and <code>flare-2.json</code>, an attached JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `convert` command saves its output in the project folder. The command above generates two files: <code>zoomable-sunburst.md</code>, a Markdown file representing the converted notebook; and <code>flare-2.json</code>, an attached JSON file.
```

Is this a bug? The `--output=.` default option is _relative to the project's folder_ not to the cwd. So if framework is installed in `~/fil/example-project/` and I cd into `~/fil/example-project/src/here/`, then run `npm run observable convert https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-sunburst`, the files are created in `~/fil/example-project/`.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/observablehq/framework/issues/838
